and Abraham journeyed from there to the
South and dwelt between Kadesh and Shur
and stayed in Kira now Abraham said of
Sarah his wife she is my sister
and Abimelech king of gira sent and took
Sarah but God came to Abimelech in a
dream by night and said to him indeed
you are a dead man because of the woman
whom you have taken for she is a man's
wife but Abimelech had not come near and
he said lord will you slay a righteous
nation also did he not say to me she is
my sister and she even she herself said
he is my brother in the integrity of my
heart and innocence of my hands
I have done this and God said to him in
a dream yes I know that you did this in
the integrity of your heart for I also
withheld you from sinning against me
therefore I did not let you touch her
now therefore restore the man's wife for
he is a prophet and he will pray for you
and you shall live but if you do not
restore her know that you shall surely
die you and all who are yours
so abemolik rose early in the morning
called all his servants and told all
these things in their head and the men
were very much afraid and Abimelech
called Abraham and said to him what have
you done to us how have I offended you
that you have brought on me and on my
kingdom a great sin you have done deeds
to me that are not to be done what did
you have in view that you have done this
thing because I thought surely the fear
of God is not in this place and they
will kill me on account of my wife but
indeed she is truly my sister she is the
daughter of my father but not the
daughter of my mother and she became my
wife
and it came to pass when god caused me
to wander from my father's house that I
said to her this is your kindness that
you should do for me in every place
wherever we go say of me he is my
brother
then Abimelech took sheep oxen and male
and female servants and gave them to
Abraham and he restored Sarah his wife
to him see my land is before you dwell
where it pleases you then to Sarah he
said behold I have given your brother a
thousand pieces of silver
indeed this vindicates you before all
who are with you and before everybody
thus she was rebuked so Abraham prayed
to God and God healed Abimelech his wife
and his female servants then they bore
children for the Lord had closed up all
the wounds of the house of Abimelech
because of Sarah Abraham's wife
[Music]